Hello everyone, and welcome to this lesson on deep learning with TensorFlow.
So now that you know all the theory behind neural networks, in this lesson,
I'm going to show you how you can build and train neural networks with TensorFlow.
TensorFlow is an open source library developed by Google,
to help you create and train machine learning models.
By the end of this lesson,
you will have built your own state of the art image classifier.
But first, let's begin with a quick recap of how neural networks work.
In general, in a neural network,
we have some inputs like x_1 and x_2,
that we multiply by some weights,
and then we add them up with a bias value to get a value h. Then this value h,
is passed through an activation function to get an output value y.
This is the basis of all neural networks.
You have some inputs that you multiply by some weights,
you add them up, and then pass the result to an activation function to get an output.
Mathematically, this looks like this.
Your output y, is just a linear combination of the weights and input values,
plus a bias that are passed through an activation function
f. If we let b equals Weight 0 times Input 0,
then we can express h as the inner product of two vectors.
Therefore, we can think of our input values,
as one vector, and our weights as another vector.
This is nice because vectors are just first rank tensors.
Tensors are just a generalization of vectors and matrices.
Let's see some examples.
A tensor with only one dimension is called a vector.
So we just have a single one-dimensional array of values.
A matrix like this is a two-dimensional tensor.
We can see that this tensor has values from left to right,
and from top to bottom.
We can also have three-dimensional tensors.
You can think of an RGB color image as a three-dimensional tensor.
So for every individual pixel in the two-dimensional RGB image,
you have three values.
You can actually have four-dimensional,
five-dimensional, and N-dimensional tensors.
These tensors are the main data structure used in TensorFlow.
In this notebook, we're going to create
some tensors and use them to build simple neural networks.
We begin by importing our resources.
Throughout this lesson, we're going to use this version of TensorFlow,
which currently is the latest version of TensorFlow 2.0.
Here, we import NumPy and TensorFlow.
We also have some extra imports to ignore warning messages.
Finally, we print the version of TensorFlow that we're using.